# ISBN Checker

## Introduction

ISBN is the International Standard Book Number. It is a unique identifier for books. The ISBN is a 13-digit number (there is a 10-digit variant, too, which we ignore in this example). The last digit is a check digit. In this exercise, you have to write an ASP.NET Core Minimal Web API that can perform various operations on ISBN check digits.

## Starter Code

You find the starter code for this exercise in [_starter_](./starter/).

* [_starter/ChecksumChecker.Console_](./starter/ChecksumChecker.Console/) contains a console application in which the user can enter an ISBN and the application verifies the check digit. Therefore, the console app contains the logic required to calculate the check digit. The console app also contains detailed instructions in the form of comments on how the check digit is calculated. **Before you start coding, make sure you understand the logic of the check digit calculation.**

* [_starter/ChecksumChecker_](./starter/ChecksumChecker/) contains an ASP.NET Core Minimal API project skeleton.

  * In [`IsbnChecker`](./starter/ChecksumChecker/IsbnChecker.cs), you must implement the logic to verify ISBN numbers. Your job is to adapt the logic from the console application to this class. Note that this class must only contain the business logic. It **must not** have dependencies on ASP.NET Core or any other infrastructure code. The detailed requirements for each method are documented as XML comments in the code.

  * In [`Program`](./starter/ChecksumChecker/Program.cs), you must implement the API endpoints. The detailed requirements for each endpoint are documented as XML comments in the code. The API endpoints must use the logic implemented in `IsbnChecker`.

* [_starter/ChecksumChecker.Tests_](./starter/ChecksumChecker.Tests/) contains a test project with a large set of unit tests. You can always check your progress by running the tests. The tests are not exhaustive, but they cover the most important cases. You can run the tests using the following command (or by using a feature of your IDE):

  ```bash
  dotnet test
  ```

## Requirements

### Minimum Requirements

The following requirements must be fulfilled to pass the exercise:

* `IsbnChecker.CheckIsbn` works and related unit tests pass.
* `GET /checksum` works and related unit tests pass.
* `POST /checksum` works and related unit tests pass.
* Code compiles without errors.

### Additional Requirements

The final grade is determined by the following requirements and criteria:

* `IsbnChecker.GetPossibleIsbns` works and related unit tests pass.
* `GET /possible-isbns` works and related unit tests pass.
* Number of warnings generated by the compiler.
* Code quality and code style.
* Efficiency of the implementation.
